Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
In one mile, stay to the right...
Just charged this thing.
Are you okay? Hey, you...?
This is not personal.
Run.
Eternal rest is for unimportant men.
The king requires your service.
Will you answer his call...
General Howe?
Where?
You've arrived in Sleepy Hollow, my lord.
Raise your men,
make the Patriot scum afraid again.
Afraid of Britain,
afraid of her dead.
I offer you vengeance on a hated enemy
who once tried to end your life.
Crane.
There you are, all up in your faces.
You missed the spare.
I'm more used to bowling on turf.
That would spare me these shoes.
I look like an Italian circus performer.
At least the shoes make it seem like
you bothered to wear a costume at all.
- Seriously.
- Yeah.
I mean, I know you have
a look and everything,
but come on, today's the one day you get
to change it up a bit.
Is it not obvious?
I'm John Adams.
The weskit.
Brushed brocade and French buttons.
It was his sartorial signature.
I spent all night on this embroidery.
I totally see it.
It's unmistakable.
Speaking of embroidery,
isn't Hoop Dreams over there the one
helping you with your
citizenship application?
Oh, Miss Corinth.
Yes.
Oh, come on, Crane.
Go.
Ichabod. Well, hello.
Miss Corinth, what a pleasant surprise.
I love the brocade waistcoat.
Very John Adams.
Thank you.
You like?
Yes, you look effervescent.
Uh... you are...
Needle and thread champ.
I'm Betsy Ross.
Of course you are.
Unmistakable.
Well, with a little spice thrown in.
Not that she was boring, but
I mean, you know, seamstress.
I'm sure she would've
approved wholeheartedly.
Bowl a frame with me later?
You can rely on it.
Ooh, swagger.
You still think Halloween isn't fun?
The Celts believed All Hallows' Eve
to be a sacred time
when the souls of lost loved ones
walked the earth and
were honored with prayer,
not face paint and molasses-based
faux blood.
But miniskirts and blue eyes get a pass.
When in Rome.
Ah... Lieutenant.
On our trip to Washington, Dr. Brennan
arranged to transport
General Howe's remains
- to the Historical Society.
- Yeah.
Almost made it for the drive
and Agent Booth's charming personality.
The thing is...
the courier company claims
the body never arrived.
Cody, we need more eggs.
Get them yourself.
Guys, look.
Come on.
Don't make me go all by myself.
This is awesome.
This is so cool.
Damn, when I die, book me a suite in here.
You can't afford it, bro.
Okay. I'm over this.
Let's go.
Oh, God.
Who the hell are you?
Screw this.
No sign of the driver.
Or Howe.
Why steal a 200-year-old skeleton?
A lot of skid marks,
like the driver was
trying to avoid something.
Or someone.
Pandora.
What would she want with Howe's remains?
Tracks are headed that way.
Feel like hunting?
I know this place.
The British employed it as a staging ground
during the invasion of Manhattan.
Afterwards, we built that mausoleum
to house their dead soldiers.
Looks like someone came
to pay their respects.
As fun as it is bumping into Zoe,
they have these things now called dates
you can actually plan in advance.
Yes, I'm perfectly aware of that.
Miss Corinth and I are
not romantically entangled.
Mm. Maybe you're not allowing yourself
to get entangled.
You refer to Katrina?
Yes. No matter what you became in the end,
you cared about her.
I mean, you two...
Six years.
We were husband and wife for six years.
She taught me strength,
resilience,
how to properly iron my vests.
Ghosts of the past have power over us.
Even if we truly want to move on,
it's not that easy.
Yes, well...
that chapter of my life is now closed.
What on earth?
My God.
Ichabod Crane!
General Howe.
Give us the names!
Take them!
Isn't that great.
Get them!
After them, you dogs!
Subtitle sync and corrections
by awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
Mills. What's up?
I was hoping you would tell me.
I'm not sure what you mean.
Since you moved into this office,
you haven't closed the door.
Not until this morning anyway.
And then there are the two
assistant U.S. attorneys in the lobby.
And you know, you drop
your voice a half step
- when you lie.
- I was just waiting on the right moment.
Looks like this is it.
It's an ongoing investigation
I've been working.
Kind of takedown that makes a career.
Shell companies buying
property across Westchester,
all owned by one umbrella
LLC... Court Imports.
Though on paper, a high-end
importer of rare antiquities.
But the lion's share was actually looted
from sites in Syria, Afghanistan, Iran.
They're buying items stolen by terrorists.
I'm still getting the warrants airtight.
Hence, the lawyers.
Oh.
But when the time comes, how
does "Task Force Coordinator"
- sound?
- Sounds good.
I've got to say, an operation this size...
you'd have to pull me away
from some of my other duties.
I'm sorry if it cuts into
time with your roommate.
I think you know where
my priorities lie, sir.
Let's talk later?
Mm.
Give us the names!
Just talked to SHPD.
They're calling the
cemetery death accidental.
Some kind of prank gone wrong.
Nothing in Washington's Bible,
Franklin's notebook.
Even Grace Dixon's journal yields nothing
that could explain the
desecration we witnessed.
We'll find something. We always do.
You are having a moment.
Although we ended as enemies,
William Howe was once a man
who commanded my respect.
Before the war, I served
beneath him as lieutenant
in His Majesty's forces.
Howe was a keen war strategist.
Staunchly loyal to his men
and his country.
He was honorable,
a good man.
Who sent a whispering wraith
against you and your spy ring,
pushed you to betray Washington.
Maybe he was once a
great man, but he changed.
Which is why Washington
sent me to kill him.
It was one of the darker
periods of the war.
The invasion of Manhattan,
when the British forces
under Howe's command
took control of the city,
forcing the Patriots to retreat.
Leave. I'll do this myself.
In the early hours,
Howe and his men commandeered
a townhouse belonging
to a Patriot.
Stealth was always your strong suit, Crane.
Washington chose his man well.
I do not wish to kill you,
but this invasion ends now.
Order your men off the
island, and you shall live.
And trust the word of a turncoat?
Does dear old George know you
were within a hair's breath
of turning against him?
Perhaps in sending you
to terminate my command,
he was testing your loyalties.
The question is, can you do it?
Kill a man in cold blood?
I've made my choice.
My allegiance is to this nation.
All your kin fought for the king.
You spit on their graves.
I shall ask only once.
Will you retreat?
Answer me.
I will never retreat
until every last Colonial
dog lies in a grave.
Do what you came to do, or leave
before I have you clapped in irons!
May God have mercy on us both.
Shoot him.
A moment later, I would
have pulled the trigger,
and we might have held the city.
Without Howe's command,
the war could have ended sooner,
sparing catastrophic bloodshed.
Instead, I failed in my mission.
What if there was another reason
why Washington sent you to kill Howe?
All right, you said he was unpacking
something when you found him.
Yes. Uh...
A stone with a Nordic emblem.
A man with two swords thrust through him.
In other words, a dead man walking.
There is a volume
that belonged to Washington
himself and, yes...
And if I'm not mistaken...
Here.
Draugur, a rare breed of
undead warrior who swear
an oath of duty in life
- that lasts beyond death.
- Sounds like a bum deal.
The Draugur are nocturnal,
spending their days subterranean.
Said to be unstoppable.
What's this in the margins?
It's Washington's handwriting.
"All our methods built inside
house primal tomb, his secrets lie."
"Methods" meaning how
to defeat the Draugur.
The answer must be in Howe's tomb.
The team from the
Jeffersonian discovered it
in Philadelphia, dated 1812.
But this riddle mentions a primal tomb,
meaning Howe was interred
somewhere else first.
Question is, how do we find it?
How about these?
Howe's bones from the mausoleum.
FBI forensics can carbon-date them,
provide a soil analysis,
narrow down to location.
So Howe is the quarry,
but we both know the architect
of this scheme is Pandora.
She wants to raise fear, and
she has chosen the perfect night.
Halloween.
The whole town will be on the street.
If we don't stop these Draugur by then,
hundreds of people will die.
- Hey, hey!
- Hey!
Rye whiskey,
large kosher pickles, extra brine, and...
cocktail onions.
You know, you are the only man
who has ever learned my recipe
- for the perfect Pickleback chaser.
- They are
- a crime against good whiskey.
- For a guy who hates 'em,
you sure knock 'em back okay.
Well, maybe I enjoy the company.
Ooh!
You keep bringing me chocolate,
you can keep coming around.
So, did you dig up anything on the Shard?
Well, we've got some bills of lading,
IP addresses off the
Deep Web, and... a face.
Meet the man who's after
the Shard of Anubis...
Mr. Atticus Nevins.
I know this guy, Jenny.
He was a friend of my dad's.
What?
Atticus Nevins? Are you sure?
I... I mean, I didn't know his name.
Dad just called him "Bull"
'cause he carried a
.30-cal in their platoon.
That-that, uh, box I brought
over from the cabin...
- there's an album in it.
- Okay.
Here.
Here. Look.
Uh, your dad sent me on
how many missions buying and
selling strange artifacts?
Yeah, and his old war buddy
happens to be the kingpin
of that entire black market?
What does that say about my dad?
If your dad was using me
as a shill to make money,
- I would know it.
- Are you sure?
I mean, how many secrets
did he keep from me?
Well, we have a name now.
We can use it to get answers.
Joe...
Your dad was...
one of the best guys I've ever known.
And until we have proof otherwise,
I'm holding onto that.
Yeah.
Sorry that took so long. I
had to go do some digging.
Mm.
I see you're doing some
digging of your own.
Or should I say lurking?
Hmm? Oh, hardly.
Miss Corinth suggested I
peruse her "instant gram."
Apparently, I've been "tagged."
Like I said, pure lurk.
The lab here cannot trace the location
of Howe's "primal tomb."
We don't have the equipment.
I could send it to DC,
but that'd be a two-week turnaround.
Perhaps our new friends
at the Jeffersonian Institute
could be of assistance.
Dr. Brennan claimed to be
the premiere forensic analyst
in the country.
Now might be an opportunity
for her and Agent Booth
to "throw down."
And with their help, we might be able
to find the tomb by nightfall.
You navigate. I'll drive.
Greetings on this All Hallows' Eve.
Apologies for showing
up unannounced like this.
- Yeah.
- I trust this will be a short visit.
We have a five-year-old at home
who still has alterations needed
for her Jane Goodall costume.
Yes, I seem to recall
you have two children.
Her brother's going as a chimp.
But that is if we get back in time.
Hey, you said we could give you
a call if we needed your help?
Didn't think it would be
that soon. What's that?
Your lab only analyzed
the cortical surface,
but, over centuries,
components of the coffin
can be absorbed into the cancellous bone.
Which we could use to identify
Howe's initial burial site.
I applaud your scientific instincts,
but your theory
that the Founding Fathers
buried Howe twice is...
questionable, at best.
The Founders held all
manner of superstition.
In fact, your institution's namesake,
Thomas Jefferson, once reported contact
with an alien species.
Well, Jefferson was brilliant.
He also had the scientific knowledge
of a contemporary fourth grader.
You do not believe
in the grander mysteries of the universe.
But what of faith, art,
love?
Are these merely numbers?
Faith results from our fear of death.
Art from our ability to
discern an attractive mate.
And love from our need
to procreate.
Dr. Brennan,
the way you look at Agent Booth
is far more than just procreation.
Actually, procreation
plays a significant part
in our relationship.
Oh, that's interesting.
This bone contains particulates
of quartz and feldspar.
Components of sandstone.
The composition matches
samples from two quarries,
one in Seneca, Maryland,
and one in Montgomery.
Only one structure shares
stone from both those quarries.
The Capitol building.
Washington wished his tomb to be built
within the very foundations
of the building itself.
- A tomb that was never used.
- So your work suggests
the Founders used Washington's empty tomb
to conceal Howe's actual grave site.
Dr. Brennan, Agent Mills
and I deeply appreciate
your assistance.
You just posited the
existence of what may be
an astounding archaeological find.
I demand to participate in your research.
I was just about to propose the very same.
Right. Okay.
You got to help me out
here. You called in a favor
to solve some, what is it,
- two-bit historical mystery?
- History's important.
Somebody's got to keep the record straight.
Okay. So what do you
say we keep it straight?
What is this really all about?
You trying to solve some off-book, uh,
- investigation or something?
- What if it were?
You're one of Corbin's protégés.
I'd still have your back.
First day on the beat, Corbin told me
that most of the real work
you do is outside the job.
That worked for local PD, but the Bureau...
That's-that's a whole new level.
I've dreamt about this
for years. I don't want
- to mess up my shot.
- So why don't you trust
August Corbin? He knew what you had.
You have to believe that.
We have a lead on Howe's tomb.
- Are we all ready to go?
- All of us?
Negotiation's not really
in Dr. Brennan's nature.
- She doesn't like to negotiate.
- This could be a history-making discovery.
Or it could prove Mr. Crane dead wrong.
I am comfortable with either outcome.
You're always comfortable.
Okay, what do you say we do this.
Crane, nice coat. Come
on. Which way we going?
Come on. Let's go.
I don't know.
I may have been wrong about this address.
It was listed on half
the documents on Nevins,
- so I just thought...
- No, this is the place.
I've been here before.
I was just a kid.
I told you my dad
and Nevins would go up
to the cabin sometimes.
We'd stop here to get supplies.
Dad would buy me a
sandwich, sit me out front
while he went inside.
Hey. That doesn't necessarily mean...
That he was working with Nevins?
You said it yourself... the
man had a lot of secrets.
There she is.
Follow my lead.
Whoa.
- The balls on you two.
- Hey, easy.
All we want is to sit down with your boss.
Yeah? That's not gonna happen.
It's a personal thing. A family thing.
- Am I supposed to care?
- All right,
we'll give you the Shard.
That's what he wants, right?
- Hey, hey, Joe, hold on.
- Nevins sits down with us,
answers my questions,
and we'll give it to him.
You have my word.
All right.
He's down in the city on business, but, uh,
I'll see what I can arrange.
Oh. Funny thing,
after you stole the Shard
from me that first time,
I told Nevins I'd find you, get it back.
He told me to sit tight,
that you'd show up on your own soon enough.
Are you crazy?
We still don't know what
the hell that thing is.
I know. And I'm sorry. It's just...
Look, we may not get a
chance like this again.
Look, I promise, I won't
let anything bad happen.
Joe, in this world, that is
not a promise you can make.
Sorry we couldn't take the tour.
It was everything the
Founding Fathers dreamt of.
Great. A musty old basement, huh?
A basement is never just
a basement with the Masons.
Oh...
Hold on. Okay...
that symbol there has no notch,
but this symbol has a notch.
Its placement calls to mind a keyhole.
It's not just rounded.
It's a few centimeters deep.
Crane, your ring.
- Doctor...
- Oh.
Thank you.
- Lieutenant.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
Oh! Oh.
- This is astonishing.
- Mm.
And yet, only this morning,
it was questionable.
Somewhere in here should
be the secret to defeating
- Howe's Draugur Army.
- Well, it'll be hard to find
with those two looking over our shoulders.
Oh...
Whoa. Did you see this, Mr. Crane?
These runes match the markings
- on the original coffin.
- All right, look, Abbie,
this isn't off the book...
this is off the reservation.
- Whoa, whoa...
- Crane!
Booth!
Crane!
Crane, can you hear me? Crane.
There must be
a gear counterweight operating the wall.
Whoa.
Oh, my. I have a bad feeling about this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second.
A fuse just sparked. We
got to get 'em out of there.
Doctor, stay down.
Crane!
This is no ordinary blaze.
I believe this is Greek fire,
a legendary flame that
cannot be extinguished.
The odor indicates
a combination of naphthenic
and palmitic acids.
This is napalm.
Crane!
Crane! We got to get them out of there.
Hold on. What is this?
Uh, yeah, okay. I've seen a lock
like this before. Each button
represents an alchemical symbol.
It's like a puzzle. All we
have to do is figure out...
- Your way works, too.
- Right.
Bones.
You insisted on coming.
Right. Okay.
- All right. You okay?
- This is extraordinary.
A hidden tomb armed with
a precursor to napalm.
- Do you understand what this means?
- I don't know.
- George Washington is a complete badass?
- No, no. It means
- we need to excavate this
entire subterranean - Oh.
installation. It should be mapped, exhumed.
- We shouldn't even be here.
- All right, slow down. Okay,
- we got to go. We'll get everything back
- We are contaminating the site.
to the Jeffersonian, okay? Let's
go, Crane. Get out of there.
You're not worried about them?
Hardly. Her skepticism's interminable.
She'd dismiss Moloch as a
tall man with a skin condition.
Though we do have cause for worry.
I believe I have discovered
the Draugur's weakness.
And that's bad because...?
We'll have to burn Sleepy
Hollow to the ground.
There can be only one reason
why Washington would deploy
such volatile ordnance
right under the Capitol.
It was a trap...
- built for a very specific threat.
- The Draugur.
And since Howe was their commander,
anyone that survived would try to rescue
- their master's body.
- And, in doing so,
would be faced with their only weakness,
Greek fire.
Yeah, Brennan said it was
just some kind of napalm.
We'll get our hands on some.
- Why would that pose a threat to the town?
- Because Greek fire
is far more sinister than your napalm.
It cannot be extinguished
by water or by sand.
Once unleashed, it burns
until nothing remains.
As I believe was remonstrated
on the isle of Manhattan.
Betsy Ross was leading Patriot refugees
off the island via a
series of hidden tunnels.
Crane.
Betsy.
I come from Howe's encampment.
He lives. And he refuses
to relinquish the city.
Our orders have changed.
I'm to get out of the city
before countermeasures are deployed.
- What countermeasures?
- Ichabod, please.
There's no time.
You're saying if the
countermeasure was Greek fire...
Yes, Lieutenant.
Then we were not facing
conventional forces...
...but a cadre of Draugur.
Merely hours after the British invaded,
the city was set ablaze in
the Great Fire of New York,
the cause of which remained a mystery...
until now.
Hyah!
Washington had no choice...
he was facing a zombie army.
Howe desecrated
the dead to build an unstoppable army,
one which required an indomitable weapon
in order to stop it.
And now we are faced
with a similar dilemma.
That's not an option.
Fine.
Then we find another way.
Trick or treat!
What do you say?
Boo!
April, slow down!
April!
April?!
April, where are you, sweetie?
April!
And where is your mother, dear?
It would break her heart if she lost you.
And you don't want to lose your treats.
We never had sweets when I was a girl.
General...
Are your men prepared to assemble?
When the last sunbeam sets...
...go forth and slaughter.
Sun sets in 15 minutes
at which point the whole town
will be out on the street.
- So, what did you call these things?
- Cheirosiphones.
A post-Hellenic weapon
designed specifically to deploy Greek fire.
We've mixed ten gallons of
the stuff, but once it lights,
how do we put out the blaze?
We draw them into the tunnels.
If we can contain the Draugur underground,
- we do not risk burning the town.
- Wait,
I missed how we get them
down there in the first place.
I shall be bait.
The general loathes me
with a sempiternal fervor,
and where he goes...
the Draugur follow.
Hey, Mom! Look! Soldiers!
Check it out.
Cool costumes!
Company... halt!
Whoa! Take a look at that!
- Sweet!
- Ready, men!
Aim!
Fire!
Over here!
Everybody, move! That way! Come on! Move!
General Howe.
I'm the one you want.
Let's end this.
Is that the best you've got, General?
I hope you know what you're doing, Crane.
Now!
Let 'em burn!
Oh... Timely assist. Thank you.
Compliments later. Let's move.
Crane!
Your army's defeated, Howe!
It's over.
I should have ended this long ago.
I will not give you the satisfaction...
turncoat.
A valiant battle, General.
Now...
...one more bud to blossom...
...one more here to sting.
Love...
is what the victors bring.
We're glad to hear the
Jeffersonian's decided
to take Washington's tomb
under its jurisdiction.
Oh, I'd start by getting
rid of the napalm first.
The Jeffersonian would love your help
with the excavation, Mr. Crane.
Ooh. Well, I'm flattered,
but I am in the process of renovating
a historical property of my own.
Too bad. The site poses
more than a few questions.
If colonial Americans
had Greek fire,
why didn't they use it during
the battles of the Revolution?
And you still haven't
sufficiently explained
how you came across Washington's letter.
Let it go, Bones, just... let it go.
Thanks again for your help.
Yeah. You know what, don't mention it.
But next time you find a death trap,
just give us a heads-up first.
Oh, yes, we shall. You have our word.
You okay, Crane?
I know seeing Howe must
have been difficult.
Oh, I feel relieved.
He's a part of my past
- I can put behind me.
- Even the ghosts
of the past have to take a break.
But... sometimes they need
a little push.
I don't follow.
Zoe. Call her.
She's a good one.
Miss Corinth, it is Ichabod Crane.
Ichabod.
Yes. Of course.
Uh, caller identification is a marvel.
No. No, no.
I... I was merely wondering...
if you have no prior
engagement this evening...
I would be honored to escort you to supper.
You wanted to see me?
Yeah. Take a seat.
Can you shut the door for me, please?
Mm-hmm.
Uh... I just wanted to say
how much I appreciate you
offering me a spot on the team.
I know it's been a hectic few
weeks, but I can handle it.
Burn the candle at both ends if I have to.
I want in.
Yeah? Well, it may be
a little more complicated
than that, because it
looks like you already are a part of it.
The man I'm working to take down,
his name is Atticus Nevins.
And the woman in the photo,
the one your sister and her
EMT friend are meeting with,
she's his top operative.
So I ask, what the hell is going on here?
Subtitle sync and corrections
by awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org